[testclient] Improve parameter checking in pulsar-perf (#11973)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/reference-cli-tools.md

|`-ss`, `--subscriptions`|A list of subscriptions to consume on (e.g. sub1,sub2)|sub|
|`-st`, `--subscription-type`|Subscriber type. Possible values are Exclusive, Shared, Failover, Key_Shared.|Exclusive|
|`-sp`, `--subscription-position`|Subscriber position. Possible values are Latest, Earliest.|Latest|

> |`-time`, `--test-duration`|Test duration in secs. If <= 0, it will keep consuming|0|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`-time`, `--test-duration`|Test duration (in seconds). If this value is less than or equal to 0, it keeps consuming messages.|0|
```

Please check all occurrences and keep consistent.

Reviewer: Thanks for your contribution. Does this affect only master or other versioned docs? 
If latter, could you please help update all affected versions? Thanks

Author: 1. The document has been checked and updated, PTAL again @Anonymitaet , thx!
2. This affects only master or other versioned docs.
